Add Pairwise to evaluation how-to guides (#230)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.0/how_to_guides/evaluation/evaluate_pairwise.mdx

---

> sidebar_label: Run Pairwise Evaluations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Run pairwise evaluations
```

sidebar_position: 8
---

# Run Pairwise Evaluations

:::note
Currently, `evaluate_comparative` is only supported in the Python SDK.
:::

> LangSmith supports evaluating existing experiments against each other. This allows you to use an LLM to judge outputs from multiple systems against each other, rather than being confined to evaluating outputs one at a time. Think [Chatbot Arena](https://chat.lmsys.org/) - this is the same concept! To do this, use the `evaluate_comparative` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LangSmith supports evaluating existing experiments against each other. This allows you to use automatic evaluators (especially, LLM-based evaluators) to score the outputs from multiple experiments against each other, rather than being confined to evaluating outputs one at a time. Think [Chatbot Arena](https://chat.lmsys.org/) - this is the same concept! To do this, use the `evaluate_comparative` function
```

with two existing experiments. If you haven't already created experiments to compare, check out our [Quick Start guide](https://docs.smith.langchain.com/#5-run-your-first-evaluation) or our [Evaluations How-To Guide](https://docs.smith.langchain.com/how_to_guides/evaluation/evaluate_llm_application) to get started with evaluations.

## Inputs and Outputs

**Inputs:** A list of Runs and a single Example. This is exactly the same as a normal evaluator, except with a list of Runs instead of a single Run. The list of runs will have a length of two.

**Output:** Your evaluator should return a dictionary with two keys: `key`, which represents the feedback key that will be logged, and `scores`, which is a

> mapping from run ID to score for that run. We strongly encourage using 0 and 1 as the score values, where 1 is better. You may also set both to 0 to represent

Reviewer: bold
